Restricted Operators in Dashboards doc added (#3273)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/dashboards/restricted-operators-dashboards.md

---
id: restricted-operators-dashboards
title: Restricted Operators in Dashboards
sidebar_label: Restricted Operators in Dashboards
description: Learn more about the restrictions when you use operators with dashboards.
---

> This page has information about some restrictions when you use operators with dashboards.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This page has information about restrictions and rules about using [Sumo Logic search operators](/docs/search/search-query-language) with dashboards.
```

> ## Dashboard restrictions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Limitations
```

The following operators can't be used with dashboards:

* Details
* LogReduce

> * LogCompare

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [LogCompare](/docs/search/logcompare)
```

* Parse multi
* Sample (internal-use operator)
* Save
* Transaction

> ## Auto refresh restrictions

Reviewer: Was this the part of the UI you are referring to? 

<img width="767" alt="Screenshot 2023-11-01 at 1 12 21 PM" src="https://github.com/SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation/assets/56411016/70b4a11b-acd8-404d-b55f-95545f3b3bfb">

Author: @kimsauce yes.

The following operators can't be used in Auto refresh:

* Compare With can be used when your query's aggregate operation is grouped by a [timeslice](/docs/search/search-query-language/search-operators/timeslice)
* Details
* First, Last - instead use the **withtime** option, see [most_recent and least_recent](/docs/search/search-query-language/group-aggregate-operators/most-recent-least-recent).
* Join
* LogReduce
* LogCompare
* Now
* Outlier will omit the first N (window size) data points in results because those data points are used in the training phase.
* Parse Using
* queryStartTime()
* queryEndTime()
* Save
* Sessionize
* Subquery
* Threat Intel
* Trace
* Timeslice greater than 1 day
* Transactionize

The following search modifier cannot be used in Auto refresh.

* _dataTier

## Include only after the first group-by phrase

> The following operators can be used in Dashboard Panels, but in the search they must be included after the first "group-by" phrase: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the following operators in dashboard panels:
```

* Accum
* Backshift
* Diff
* Join
* Limit
* RollingStd
* Smooth
* Sort
* Top
* Total

> * Transaction By Flow
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Transaction By Flow

However, you'll need to include these in your search *after* the first "group-by" phrase.
```

Reviewer: It would be good to add an example snippet here @JV0812 to show what you mean.

Author: Sure @kimsauce . I will add that.

## Notes

You can use the [count_frequent](/docs/search/search-query-language/group-aggregate-operators/count-count-distinct-and-count-frequent) operator in dashboard queries, but the number of results returned is limited to the top 100 most frequent results. All results are available when the search is run on the **Search** page, but only the top 100 are displayed in the Panel.

> Sumo Logic provides support for optimization to improve the efficiency of searches in Interactive dashboards. See [Optimize Panels in Interactive Dashboards](get-started/dashboard-optimization.md).

Reviewer: Broken link

Author: Thanks @kimsauce , I have fixed the broken link.

> Sumo Logic provides support for optimization to improve the efficiency of searches in Interactive dashboards. See [Optimize Panels in Interactive Dashboards](/docs/dashboards/dashboard-optimization.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sumo Logic provides support for optimization to improve the efficiency of searches in Interactive dashboards. See [Optimize Panels in Interactive Dashboards](/docs/dashboards/dashboard-optimization).
```

---
id: restricted-operators-dashboards
title: Restricted Operators in Dashboards
sidebar_label: Restricted Operators in Dashboards
description: Learn more about the restrictions when you use operators with dashboards.
---

> This page has information about restrictions and rules about using [Sumo Logic search operators](/docs/search/search-query-language) with dashboards.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This page has information about restrictions and rules about using [Sumo Logic log operators](/docs/search/search-query-language) with dashboards.
```

## Dashboard restrictions

> The following operators can't be used with dashboards:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following operators cannot be used with dashboards:
```

> * Details
> * LogReduce
> * LogCompare
> * Parse multi
> * Sample (internal-use operator)
> * Save
> * Transaction

Reviewer: @oshoghi , I'm unable to find the details operator in our documentation

```suggestion
* Details
* [`LogReduce`](/docs/search/logreduce/logreduce-operator)
* [`LogCompare`](/docs/search/logcompare)
* `[Parse multi](/docs/search/search-query-language/parse-operators/parse-variable-patterns-using-regex/#parse-multi)`
* Sample (internal-use operator)
* [`Save`](/docs/search/search-query-language/search-operators/save)
* [`Transaction`](/docs/search/search-query-language/transaction-analytics/transaction-operator/)
```

## Auto refresh restrictions

> The following operators can't be used in Auto refresh:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following operators cannot be used in Auto refresh:
```

> * Compare With can be used when your query's aggregate operation is grouped by a [timeslice](/docs/search/search-query-language/search-operators/timeslice)
> * Details
> * First, Last - instead use the **withtime** option, see [most_recent and least_recent](/docs/search/search-query-language/group-aggregate-operators/most-recent-least-recent).
> * Join
> * LogReduce
> * LogCompare
> * Now
> * Outlier will omit the first N (window size) data points in results because those data points are used in the training phase.
> * Parse Using
> * queryStartTime()
> * queryEndTime()
> * Save
> * Sessionize
> * Subquery
> * Threat Intel
> * Trace
> * Timeslice greater than 1 day
> * Transactionize

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `Compare With` can be used when your query's aggregate operation is grouped by a [timeslice](/docs/search/search-query-language/search-operators/timeslice)
* `Details`
* [`First`, `Last`](/docs/search/search-query-language/group-aggregate-operators/first-last/) - instead use the **withtime** option, see [`most_recent` and `least_recent`](/docs/search/search-query-language/group-aggregate-operators/most-recent-least-recent).
* [`Join`](/docs/search/search-query-language/search-operators/join/)
* [`LogReduce`](/docs/search/logreduce/logreduce-operator/)
* [`LogCompare`](/docs/search/logcompare/)
* [`Now`](/docs/search/search-query-language/search-operators/now)
* [`Outlier`](/docs/search/search-query-language/search-operators/outlier/) will omit the first N (window size) data points in results because those data points are used in the training phase.
* `Parse Using`
* [`queryStartTime()`](/docs/search/search-query-language/search-operators/querystarttime)
* [`queryEndTime()`](/docs/search/search-query-language/search-operators/queryendtime)
* [`Save`](/docs/search/search-query-language/search-operators/save/)
* `Sessionize`
* [`Subquery`](/docs/search/subqueries)
* `Threat Intel`
* [`Trace`](/docs/search/search-query-language/search-operators/trace)
* [`Timeslice`](/docs/search/search-query-language/search-operators/timeslice) greater than 1 day
* [`Transactionize`](/docs/search/search-query-language/transaction-analytics/transactionize-operator/)
```

The following search modifier cannot be used in Auto refresh.

> * _dataTier

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `_dataTier`
```

## Include only after the first group-by phrase

You can use the following operators in dashboard panels:

> * Accum
> * Backshift
> * Diff
> * Join
> * Limit
> * RollingStd
> * Smooth
> * Sort
> * Top
> * Total
> * Transaction By Flow

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `[Accum](/docs/search/search-query-language/search-operators/accum/)`
* `[Backshift](/docs/search/search-query-language/search-operators/backshift/)`
* `[Diff](/docs/search/search-query-language/search-operators/diff/)`
* `[Join](/docs/search/search-query-language/search-operators/join/)`
* `[Limit](/docs/search/search-query-language/search-operators/limit/)`
* `[RollingStd](/docs/search/search-query-language/search-operators/rollingstd/)`
* `[Smooth](/docs/search/search-query-language/search-operators/smooth/)`
* `[Sort](/docs/search/search-query-language/search-operators/sort/)`
* `[Top](/docs/search/search-query-language/search-operators/top/)`
* `[Total](/docs/search/search-query-language/search-operators/total/)`
* `[Transaction](/docs/search/search-query-language/transaction-analytics/transaction-operator/)` By Flow
```

```sql title="Example"
"error"
| timeslice 1d
| count by _timeslice
| sort by _timeslice asc
| accum _count as running_total
```

## Notes

> You can use the [count_frequent](/docs/search/search-query-language/group-aggregate-operators/count-count-distinct-and-count-frequent) operator in dashboard queries, but the number of results returned is limited to the top 100 most frequent results. All results are available when the search is run on the **Search** page, but only the top 100 are displayed in the Panel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the [`count_frequent`](/docs/search/search-query-language/group-aggregate-operators/count-count-distinct-and-count-frequent) operator in dashboard queries, but the number of results returned is limited to the top 100 most frequent results. All results are available when the search is run on the **Search** page, but only the top 100 are displayed in the Panel.
```
